## Methods

_Survey_

We used the tool SurveyMonkey to distribute a survey to the 44 invited speakers, XX students, and YY other participants at the symposium. The survey collected the following information: (1) name; (2) demographic data (sex, country of origin, career stage, domains of expertise); (3) Likert-scale and other limited response questions (see below); and (4) a single open-ended question, "In no more than two sentences or 100 words, please describe your understanding of what aging is, or is not, at a mechanistic level."

The Likert scale used was, "For each of the following statements, do you (1) Strongly disagree; (2) Moderately disagree; (3) Slightly disagree; (4) Neutral; (5) Slightly agree; (6) Moderately agree; or (7) Strongly agree?" The statements were:

* We have a relatively good understanding of the basic biological mechanisms of aging.
* Some combination of the nine hallmarks (Lopez-Otin et al. 2013) or the seven pillars (Kennedy et al. 2014) does a relatively comprehensive job of describing the mechanisms of aging.
* It is or will soon be possible to have relatively reliable metrics of the overall aging process
* Aging cannot and should not be measured by a single metric because it is multi-dimensional
* It should be possible to quantify aging well even in the absence of a clear consensus or mechanistic understanding of what aging is.
* It should be possible to intervene in aging, and evaluate interventions, even in the absence of a clear consensus or mechanistic understanding of what aging is.
* There are many species across the tree of life that do not age at a rate that is biologically relevant or appreciable
* Broadly speaking, aging mechanisms are similar in most species
* Mortality rates or survival curves are generally a reasonable proxy for aging at the organismal level
* It is important for the field to have a consensus definition of aging
* Aging is an undesirable process that should be treated, cured, or minimized

Additional questions:

* Does aging begin approximately at (1) conception; (2) birth; (3) sexual maturity; or (4) later in life?
* What percent of what we observe as aging do you think can be attributed to the following types of mechanisms (understanding that they may coexist and interact with each other): \[100 points that should be distributed among the five options below\]
    - Damage accumulation (DNA damage, protein aggregates, structural damage, etc.)
    - Maladaptation/antagonistic pleiotropy: mechanisms that are useful early in life (e.g. for cancer prevention) become harmful later in life.
    - Adaptation: Adjustments the organism makes to either pathological aspects of aging or to changing needs (e.g. immune repertoire) at different ages.
    - Homeostatic dysregulation: breakdown in the capacity of complex regulatory networks to maintain homeostasis
    - Other
